insert, Hey Jude, 513
query, Respect
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, What's Going On
insert, Hey Jude, 519
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, What's Going On
query, What's Going On
query, Respect
query, Respect
query, Respect
query, What's Going On
query, Respect
query, Hey Jude
query, Respect
query, Respect
query, What's Going On
query, Hey Jude
query, Respect
query, Hey Jude
query, Respect
insert, Hey Jude, 556
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, Like a Rolling Stone
insert, What's Going On, 562
query, Hey Jude
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, What's Going On
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
insert, Hey Jude, 579
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
insert, Hey Jude, 586
insert, Respect, 587
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, Like a Rolling Stone
insert, Hey Jude, 591
query, Hey Jude
query, Respect
query, Like a Rolling Stone
insert, Hey Jude, 595
