query, What's Going On
query, Hey Jude
query, What's Going On
insert, Like a Rolling Stone, 509
query, Hey Jude
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, Respect
insert, What's Going On, 515
query, What's Going On
query, Hey Jude
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, What's Going On
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, Respect
query, What's Going On
query, What's Going On
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
insert, Respect, 550
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, Respect
query, Respect
insert, What's Going On, 569
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, What's Going On
query, Respect
query, Hey Jude
query, Respect
query, What's Going On
query, What's Going On
query, Hey Jude
insert, Respect, 584
query, Hey Jude
query, Like a Rolling Stone
query, Hey Jude
query, Hey Jude
query, What's Going On
query, Respect
query, Like a Rolling Stone
